---
layout: post
title:  "Update 1"
date:   2019-04-24 08:59:08 -0700
categories: dev
---
## Let's get to work then.
Ok what shall I work on?

---
## Blog Development
Since we last spoke, I've accomplished a few things with this site. You can track the progress in [`/dev-notes/`](/dev-notes/)

---
We took some source from the [`minima`]() theme and put some overrides in `_layouts/`.
Another thing I added was the following to `_includes/header.md`:

{% highlight liquid %}{% raw %}
  {%- if jekyll.environment == 'development' -%}
  <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="5">
  <style>
  * {
    animation-name: none !important;
  }
  </style>
  {%- endif -%}
{% endraw %}{% endhighlight %}

The browser refreshes every 5 seconds. This gives me the freedom to stay in  `vi` and keep editing. I also disabled animation so the fadein doesn't distract me.

---
## Tools
I added a [page about the tools I use](/tools/). 
<!-- i think i will build this list out into a set of links to articles about each? -->

---
## Music
Creativity seems to be facilitated by music. I love listening while I'm developing. I also am in love with synthesizers and especially modular analog electronic instruments. I'll collect some playlist, thoughts, and creations through [this portal](/music/).

---
## Bash
I wrote some neat little [`bash` functions](/bash-functions) to include through my `.bash_profile`.

---
## Personal
### It often feels like there is no time to code and document.
But I know that's both a lie, and a fault of my own discipline. 
Why must I characterize it as fault? Not deficiency, or unsprouted.

#### It seems abusive.
Well, maybe I am abusing myself then. This should be a good time to work on stopping that pattern.

1. so what do i do?
2. i don't know
3. __I just like to \_\_\_\_.__
4. __but it never seems useful__
1. so what do i do?
2. I don't know.

## That's the loop!
---

Ok, then how to break the loop?

Well, it looks like the loop is rebooted at step 4. 

how can we debug that? where is the `seems` function defined, and where is `useful` evaluated?

end
